- [Instructor] Quarkus has some great documentation
and I want to walk you through
some of the guides before we get too deep into this course
so that you've got a place to refer back to
as you need to get a little bit deeper
in the framework itself.
So, let's navigate together to quarkus.io/guides
and let's take a look at it.
So, here you will see the entire Quarkus documentation
wrapped up into a single page.
If we take a look, here, at the top
you'll see that there is a cheat sheet.
I would highly recommend
that as you're first starting to work with Quarkus,
take a look at that cheat sheet and keep it on your machine.
There are several times where you may need to look up
how something is a little bit different than say Spring,
and having that is a great way to get going.
Now, you'll notice here that there's a bunch of categories.
They've broken down all of their documentation
into specific categories.
So, we can start first with the getting started section
and you'll see that we have several documents here.
So, building our first application,
getting started with Reactive, building Native Execution
and then some of the tooling that goes with it.
If we jump into one of the actual guides,
you'll see that most of them follow the same pattern.
They give you a set of prerequisites,
much like we did with this course,
they tell you specifically
what versions of Java they're going to be running,
they talk about the architecture
of what you're going to build,
from a very high level boxes and arrows type perspective.
Then they get into the actual solution
and you'll see where they talk about
how to start our application,
how to modify this application,
what happens in the various
runtime aspects of the application.
They go into a lot of detail
and this is really what I find to be really valuable
because I can pick up any guide
and get a baseline of how to actually run it,
and then I kind of go from there.
And again, that's just getting me the detail that I want
from the beginning, which I think is really powerful.
Then they go on to tell you how to run the application,
talk a little bit about the underlying behavior
and why you're doing what you're doing,
going into some things like testing, in this example.
And again, just scroll through the doc
and get a feel for what it contains.
Now, the next section here is the core section
and this is a very powerful section
especially as you're learning the framework itself.
They give you some stuff about CDI
and we're going to talk a lot about CDI
and, specifically, CDI within Quarkus
and how to work with it.
They talk about application initialization
which is something that is very important
as you're building bigger and bigger applications
to really understand how your apps run.
We're going to spend a lot of time with configuration
and how configuration works.
So, we won't get too deep into this guide
but do know that there is a guide
for everything that we're going to talk about
here, today, within this course.
You then go into the Web
and we'll see that we've got writing JSON REST services,
we've got CRUD services and the list goes on and on.
Things like WebSocket, Reactive,
again, anything that you might need to do
from a full stack perspective.
There's probably a doc that gives you a baseline
and then you build off from there.
Data is a big thing
and we're going to talk about that in this course.
You'll see that there's all kinds of details about data
and we're going to be using, specifically, Apache Cassandra.
And there is a definition
of how to do Apache Cassandra using the DataStax Client
and things like that.
Messaging, which is another aspect of writing applications,
especially Cloud Native
where you're writing producers and consumers,
they've got a lot of documentation on that.
And then, of course, everybody's favorite topic set
which is security.
Again, they've got several guides here about things like
OAuth, OpenID, using things like Vault from HashiCorp
and how to make things work
from within an application space using common patterns.
They've got some stuff on business automation,
integration with tools like Camel.
Again, you can go through the list
but I think that you will find
that there is a lot of behavior
that already has guides, written things
that you may need to do.
So, spend a little bit of time and go through these docs
and we're going to refer back to them
as we get to the appropriate aspects of each of these
throughout the rest of this course.